as anyone who's still buzzing off a
recent viewing of fury road can tell you
a Mad Max game needs to be all about
large vehicles smashing each other up so
how do you go about doing that in the
Mad Max game coming our way this
September life is a savage road out here
a man with no wheels is a man mister no
home first off you need a car I mean
obviously Mack starts the game without
his beloved v8 interceptor as has been
nicked by villain slash embarrassing
skin complaints capper of scrotus
thankfully with the help of his mechanic
buddy chumbucket he built a new one in
the form of the magnum opus a hot rod
inspired beast of a vehicle that can be
upgraded as you play through the game
and find new paths listed around the
wasteland your primary method of killing
cars is the good old fashioned Ram the
magnum opus has a boost that you could
use to launch yourself into enemy
vehicles and you can also side swipe
left and right to smash up cars on
either side of you where it gets
interesting though is the weapons unlike
your Ford Focus the magnum opus comes
equipped with a harpoon gun a this and
time slows down allowing you to pick an
exact spot on your enemies vehicles that
aim at want to put a wheel off and stop
them in their tracks go for it or one or
aim directly at the driver and yank them
through the windshield to their doom
this is particularly useful if you want
to keep the car intact and use it to
infiltrate enemy bases or if you just
like dragging unfortunate war boys
around the wasteland like a psychopath
you also have access in Max's a iconic
sawn-off shotgun which you can use to
detonate fuel tanks on the back of enemy
vehicles or to dislodge any pesky war
boys who try and climb onto your car and
get dusty footprints all over the roof
you could also use it in the game's
hand-to-hand combat which is pretty
close to the combat in the Batman Arkham
games only this time you have a freakin
shotgun your booth Bruce when neither of
those options are quite extreme enough
you can also use the side burner fuel
under mounted flamethrowers that drain
your fuel but should make anyone think
twice about pulling up beside you and
wasteland favorite the ThunderStick
essentially a grenade taped to a stick
that you fire as if your harpoon
launched like an RPG wasteland
innovation everyone
finally the Chi has a sniper rifle
mounted on the back that you can jump on
if you want to take out enemies range
used in conjunction with Max's
binoculars this is a handy way of
getting the drop on distant enemies of
course no matter how much you upgrade
your armor that magnum opus isn't
invincible thankfully repairing it is
pretty straightforward throughout the
game you're accompanied by chumbucket
who will get to work on the car as soon
as you park it somewhere putting out
engine fires fixing holes in the chassis
and generally doing whatever it is that
people do to cars with spanners your
overall health is a combination of your
car's health and Max's own health
replenished by drinking water so it pays
to keep the magnum opus in good
condition if you want to you know God
die so that's a quick look at the
vehicle combat in Mad Max like what you
see hoping for something else let us
know in the comments and like and
subscribe for more on the game as soon
as we get it thanks for watching